Write a program to represent sparse matrix using array and perform simple and fast transpose
Write a menu-driven program that atihzes a singly linked list to handle operations such as adding, removing, and displaying hooks, as well as searching for specific books and counting the total number of books available.
Write a menu driven program which will maintain a list of car models, their price, name of the manufacture, engine capacity etc. as a doubly linked list. The menu should make provisions for inserting information pertaining to new car models, delete obsolete models, update data such as price besides answering queries such as listing all car models within a price range specified by the client and listing all details given a car model
Write a program to implement stack as an ADT. Use this ADT to perform expression.conversion and evaluation. (Infix - Postfix)
Write a program to manage customer support tickets Inlize a circular queue implemented using arrays to handle incoming support requests. Each treket represents a customer support request, ensuring memory-efficient management. Implement features for ticket submission, processing and displaying the current queue status
Write a program that reads a list of names and telephone numbers from user and insert into a BST tree. Once the tree has been built, present the user with a menu that allows him to search the list for a specified name, insert new name, delete an existing name or print the entire phone list.
Write a program to create graph, use the map of your city as the graph. Represent graph using adjacency list adjacency matrix and perform Depth First Search and Breadth First Search.
Write a program to represent a graph of your city using adjacency matrix Vadjacency list. Nodes should represent the various areas in the city and links should represent the distance between them. Find the shortest path of your college from your home using Dijkstra's algorithm
Write a program to create student database. Database contains different fields of student like Roll No. Name and percentage. Search a particular student according to roll number using binary search.
Write a program to arrange list of students to find out first ten toppers from a class using Bubble sort. (refer the student database given in assignment 10)
Write a program to sort a list of sales data for a retail company. Each record represents a sale and contains the following information, sales ID, customer name, product name, quantity sold, and total sale amount, sort the sales data based on the total sale amount in descending order using the Merge Sort algorithm./Quick sort method